## Info
- DATBUFFER03_00,DATBUFFER03_01,DATBUFFER03_02,DATBUFFER03_03 may means to EQ for lid/laptop/slate/tablet correspondingly.
- These all seem to be raw data, modifying it without proper knowledge will cause mis-function of EQ/volume even it cause 100% loudness of pink noise at all volume settings (not tested on mute state).
- maybe if I not guess it wrong, the EQ setting is come from value in ```C:/Program Files/SurfaceUpdate/hdxsstmd3a/RTAIODAT.DAT``` of Surface driver installation which can be download from MS. (UPDATED: yes it is, all entire bytes of one of DATBUFFER03_0* I selected, is matched. And I also guess this also appiled on the others remained. (updated yes it apply to remained)
- if I copied DATBUFFER03_01 to another DATBUFFER03_0* then all states would sounds like in laptop state.
- OEMData/DATBUFFER03_0*.dat contains text data that tell binary data in hex bytes (idk exactly the way to interpret it back to binary form, but if I not wrong, it seem like using little-endians encoding on both internal of bytes (how bit arrange) and on many bytes that make that 1 data (such as 1 int using 4 bytes); and it seem first hex bytes is first portion of binary data); it gets from copying data from exporting of Windows Registry Editor, and I separate each hex group in to each line in order to easy diff)
  - so if I get first hex bytes of short int data as (from left to right) "ff 00" then it should be "ff" (0000000011111111 in human readable where MSB is at left (which is 1111111100000000 where MSB is at right because of little-endian encoding))>> 255 not 65280 .
  - noted that file has been reencode to LF/UTF-8, and remove NULL char (if have)
- OEMData/DATBUFFER03_0*_HEATMAP.png contains heatmap of bytes from left to right and then top to bottom, 0=rgb(0%,0%,100%) 1=rgb(0%,100%,0%) 255=rgb(100%,0%,0%) and 2-254 starts from black to white. 8 physical pixels is 1 byte
- My guess
  - Lid/Slate/Tablet have similar heatmap except laptop, so I guess that in laptop state (which I think that requires least customization as surroundings of speaker when in laptop state is clear, there maybe many settings that in its default/not-default settings but that settings leave disabled, so I guess there should be setting-enabling bit there.
